Field-backed properties: language version diagnostics (#9038)
dotnet/csharplang: proposals/field-keyword.md

### Breaking changes

The existence of the `field` contextual keyword within property accessor bodies is a potentially breaking change.

Since `field` is a keyword and not an identifier, it can only be "shadowed" by an identifier using the normal keyword-escaping route: `@field`. All identifiers named `field` declared within property accessor bodies can safeguard against breaks when upgrading from C# versions prior to 14 by adding the initial `@`.

If a variable named `field` is declared in a property accessor, an error is reported.

> If an expression `field` would bind to a symbol with language version 13 or earlier, a warning may be reported.

Reviewer: Why "may" here? Can we make it "will" and better describe the situation if necessary.

Would it be more clear to say something like

```suggestion
If a symbol named `field` is accessible in the body of a setter or getter that uses the `field` keyword, a warning will be reported. "Accessible" here means that a symbol is available that would be used for binding, if it did not conflict with the `field` keyword. 
```

Author: Thanks. Changed to "is" rather than "may be".

In terms of accessibility, we should state that it's accessible *at the reference to* `field`. For instance, the following is valid, even though the `field` local is accessible within (parts of) the accessor body.
```csharp
object Property
{
    get
    {
        if (field == null)
        {
            int @field = 0;
            return @field;
        }
        return field;
    }
}
```

> If an expression `field` would bind to an existing symbol with language version 13 or earlier, a warning is reported.

Reviewer 2: Can we clarify that this must be a _primary expression_? Essentially, `field` will warn but `this.field` willl not.

> If an expression `field` is used as a *primary expression* and would bind to an existing symbol with language version 13 or earlier, a warning is reported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In language version 14 or later, a warning is reported if a *primary expression* `field` refers to the backing field, but would have referred to a different symbol in an earlier language version.
```

I was confused by the language here at first so made an attempt to revise. Up to you whether to take it, but I managed to un-confuse myself.
